So let's say we have the use case
of detecting whether or not we start too many
EC2 instances at a time.
The best way to actually implement this architecture
is to use CloudTrail and CloudWatch metrics filter, how?
Well, from CloudTrail, we know we can stream
all the API calls being made in two CloudWatch logs,
and from CloudWatch logs, we can define a metrics filter
and we can set a threshold, for example,
and look for the EC2 StartInstances API call
and say that we want to trigger a CloudWatch alarm
when we detect that metric to be above 30,
and from there, maybe go into an SNS topic,
and we can alert the security team
because too many instances are started at a time.
So the advantage of using CloudTrail with metrics filter
is that you have the ability to be able to set thresholds
on a specific period for detection of API calls,
and that really enhances the CloudTrail feature,
so that's it.
It was a quick lecture, but hopefully that makes sense,
and I will see you in the next lecture.